---
tags: daily
mood: 2
---

## ðŸ§¨ Tasks
```tasks
not done
(scheduled before 2023-05-16) OR (due before 2023-05-16)
```

## ðŸ“ˆ Stats 
*Things to celebrate on!*

### ðŸ† Tasks completed
|Month|Yesterday|Today|
|------|----------|------|
|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… ' + new Date(new Date('2023-05-16').setDate(1)).toISOString().slice(0, 7))).length`|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… ' + new Date(new Date('2023-05-16') - 86400000).toISOString().slice(0, 10))).length`|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… 2023-05-16')).length`|


## ðŸ¥³ Done Today!
```tasks
done 2023-05-16
```


## ðŸªµ Log
*What's on my mind today?*

What makes you so angry (or triggered) about the medical bills?
I feel as if I'm battling in the frontlines of the war, I'm injured, but no meds is coming to help. Feels like I'm being sent to battle with only a single pistol to fight off any enemies out there.

Kevin did say: "No need for expensive health insurance, if someone gets hospitalized, we won't leave you be, we'll pay for the bills." But it never happened? does somebody need to get hospitalized for the company to step in?

Negative emotions kept coming in as I said, "I never usually paid for copay fee". Kevin said: "Oh that's coveredCA was when you were fuckin poor". 

Am I feeling angry because of the amount that I have to pay? or because I was told to go when I thought I was fine? *I think it's neither.*

So what makes you feel angry? *I think it's the fact that I'm settling for less that I thought I'd settle (10 years ago) combined with the current situation where I'm not in a good place non-financially and whatever I'm doing rn have low chance of success and I'm pouring 100% of my time into this*

Why don't you take 30% of your time to build the other parts of your life? *I think I'm afraid that when I lower the time spent on this, others will too, and it scares me.*

Why does it scare you? *We already have a low chance of success, if one of us starts to not pour 100% of the time into this, then isn't it logical that the chances of success will be lower?*





TODOs:
- [ ] Fixes the duplicate API endpoint
- [ ] Figure out how to add more templates on dev api server
- [ ] Add test on utils.getParentPageID to get better understanding


