---
tags: daily
mood: 5
---

## ðŸ§¨ Tasks
```tasks
not done
(scheduled before 2023-05-08) OR (due before 2023-05-08)
```

## ðŸ“ˆ Stats 
*Things to celebrate on!*

### ðŸ† Tasks completed
|Month|Yesterday|Today|
|------|----------|------|
|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… ' + new Date(new Date('2023-05-08').setDate(1)).toISOString().slice(0, 7))).length`|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… ' + new Date(new Date('2023-05-08') - 86400000).toISOString().slice(0, 10))).length`|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… 2023-05-08')).length`|


## ðŸ¥³ Done Today!
```tasks
done 2023-05-08
```


- e2e tasks by dipta is not done, we need to find ways to implement testing soon.



## ðŸªµ Log
*What's on my mind today?*

TODOs:
- [x] Review Pull requests ðŸ“… 2023-05-08 âœ… 2023-05-08
Clean up previous tasks!

Pinecone querying example list of ids:
https://community.pinecone.io/t/returning-list-of-ids/140/16

Turns out the id of each vector is uuid

What did I learn about AutoGPT?
The structure: Context -> Thinking -> User approval (if necessary) -> Actions -> Context

Isn't the goal specific docsGPT more similar to autogpt than chatpdf?

Goal of docsGPT:
- search for "how to be buff": consume the information from the internet all at once.
- Consultant: hire from big company, it has problem: profit loss; AI ask you for financial reports, analyzes docs, internet search. AI generate the action items

HBR Use cases. Find the solution for your problem based on HBR database (relevant past data)

based on HBR database (ree)

---- 
[[Putri - 1 on 1]]
2 concerns about the generous free plan. 
1. *She thinks the plan is not well thought off*. 
2. The emailing to the existing users. 

**(1)**
The expectation of the generous free plan:
1. Increase in volume can accomodate in the decrease of the conversion rate

However, it seems like the plan isn't well thought off. Why?
1. There's no concrete plan to increase the volume. Assumptions:
	1. Our users don't use our free products for serious things:
		1. Web pages -> most people uses their own domain when publishing
		2. Forms -> we can't compare features with Tally.
		3. Blog -> why not use ghost/substack/medium?

Are we banking on the watermark of the free plan? If so, what are the statistics on the watermark conversion?

**(2)**
Why are we emailing to existing pro users that we have a free plan that includes 100 CMS and 100 form submissions?


----

Suggestions
- images, sizing of the image
	- container with spacer inside
- elfsight for testimonials
	- Slider component, carousel
- sync container got lost


Bugs:
- Dark mode vs light mode
- backend slow.
- CMS
	- When using filter for category, it doesn't work

Notices:
- Publish takes a while 

Good things:
- Responsive, fast, beautiful simple sites 

- [x] Help fix documentation https://www.notion.so/typedreamhq/bdd218ba365649f6903208195a7bf180?v=a6fec91ba95745e7b78ef20e6cdd1071 ðŸ“… 2023-05-09 âœ… 2023-05-16

[[Renderer Performance]]
https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/react-essentials#the-use-client-directive
