TODOs:
- [x] Review PR pls ser
- [ ] Make button that triggers connect wallet & sign message from staging server.
	- [ ] Do you need to associate the button with some lock?
	- [ ] How does the server know what lock you're trying to unlock?
		- [ ] Why does the server need to know? to make the proper JWT token with proper subject so multi level locks can work.
	- [ ] How about:
		- [ ] ~~Verify the address once, then create all JWT token for every locks that the address authorized to unlock ~~ 
			- [ ] Might not be too efficient to try to "unlock all locks" because there will be some cases where locks are not used in any page. Handling these logic on the server side seems too confusing.
	- [ ] we should make a "Keyhole" which is essentially a button with some additional fields. ah just make it a button with additional field instead of keyhole
	- [ ] need to do crud on the frontend to add, edit, remove key. both in the settings and in the button's toolbar or smth.
		- [ ] What's the structure going to be?


Kevin's suggestion:
- [ ] do substack style page blocking:
	- [ ] Maybe that page will be customizable in the future? for now, the page should be generic.
	- [ ] Advantage: you know which page you're trying to unlock, so /authenticate will be able to handle authentication request.

~~Verify address once:~~
~~- we may need to verify that the domain is truly hosted in typedream.
	- We may also need to verify that the request is coming from typedream's site. not from some phising site.
~~- ~~Get access token for every locks in the site.~~ 
~~- Return those tokens associated with the each token's lock id.
- ~~

