This will be a behavioral interview focused on your past projects, impact and partnerships. We’re
interested in learning about moments of growth, how you’ve executed against projects, and
collaborated with others. Be prepared to chat through specific examples.

Let us know if you have any questions. We’re excited to get to know you further!

- What about speed? what are your thoughts on shipping fast

### Key accomplishments

- Testing, tried E2E test with cypress, works well the first couple of days, but due to the speed that we're shipping, it seems impossible to make the tests up to date with the changes.
	- Testing is necessary, on certain parts. We can get it right after a couple of iterations.
- Email marketing, I had no idea how to implement these, but ended up building quite a simple system with SES and SQS in which I have no experience with.
	- Stable result at the moment, no complaints from user regarding the usage
	- Sent about 100k emails with ease.
- AI Website builder, built within 2 weeks
	- Our previous features like website builder is still really difficult to wrap our heads around, but for this one, it seems like first feature contribution can happen within the first month of onboarding.

##### Moments of learnings & failure
- Bug fixing on typedream editor teaches me to be brave in reading the third party code that I use. Especially important when I'm building around somewhat of a new technology, the documentation just isn't up to date and you have to read the changes.
- First time I learned about react context. I started to use it everywhere because I like how simple it is. Then all our engineers started to use it, adds more and more context & providers to a point where we have 10-15 different providers for spinning up the editor, which gets really confusing because the ordering matters, some provider depends on one another.
	- I definitely can improve more on understanding contexts are supposed to be used for, and I need to share that learning with the rest of the team.

### Past Projects

##### Typedream Editor + Renderer

**Situation**:
- 22 years old. Fresh out of college, about 6 months real industry experience.
- Still working (maintaining) on the previous project, Cotter. Then jumped back into Typedream to help fix issue with performance. Code is literal spaghetti.
**Task**:
- Need to make websites generated by Typedream performant for SEO purposes. Load images need to be fast, html need to be preloaded with data, high webvital score is a must
- Editor side is too slow for usage, performance is really bad on certain tasks like drag and drop.
**Action**:
- Figure out what went wrong, isolate the variables (is it network issue? do we need bigger machine? is it region issue? do we need to put these things on edge network? etc). So I did a lot of troubleshooting, measurements with bundle sizes, payload sizes. Experimented with different bundler, try to code split the code somehow so it loads the initial document faster, less JS shipped to client, etc.
- Troubleshooting, again, but I'm struggling to understand what the documentation is saying so I had to do a lot of experiment with basic stuff, figuring out how things work in detail + rtfc + docs too. Ended up having to rewrite some of the stuff.
- A lot of the learnings are communicated to the rest of the team to not make the same mistakes for future developments
**Result**:
- SEO solved by refactoring the code, ended up shipping less JS and utilized NextJS ISR feature to its full potential.
- Editor is much more performant. But I learned that sometimes rtfc > rtfd. I must not be scared to read more difficult code because I realize that's a great way to improve skills.

##### Typedream Email Marketing

**Situation**:
- 

##### Typedream AI Website Builder

**Situation**:
- 

### Key points

- Building editor with small components so that it is like a lego bricks that can be built into bigger pieces (such as websites) - similar to Airtable's lego bricks that Howie mentioned.

