---
tags: daily
mood: 5
---

## ðŸ§¨ Tasks
```tasks
not done
(scheduled before 2023-05-23) OR (due before 2023-05-23)
```

## ðŸ“ˆ Stats 
*Things to celebrate on!*

### ðŸ† Tasks completed

|Month|Yesterday|Today|
|------|----------|------|
|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… ' + new Date(new Date('2023-05-23').setDate(1)).toISOString().slice(0, 7))).length`|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… ' + new Date(new Date('2023-05-23') - 86400000).toISOString().slice(0, 10))).length`|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… 2023-05-23')).length`|


## ðŸ¥³ Done Today!
```tasks
done 2023-05-23
```


## ðŸªµ Log
*What's on my mind today?*

- [x] Fix production branch ðŸ“… 2023-05-23 âœ… 2023-05-23
- [x] Review Bayu's PR on fixing dropdown menu big box getting stuck ðŸ“… 2023-05-23 âœ… 2023-05-23
- [x] Fix navbar v2 bug ðŸ“… 2023-05-23 âœ… 2023-05-23
- [x] Fix form publishing issue ðŸ“… 2023-05-23 âœ… 2023-05-23


- [x] Test on staging-editor locally, because it seems like the staging's duplicate doesn't really work. ðŸ“… 2023-05-23 âœ… 2023-05-24
- [x] Complete the all hands meeting notes https://www.notion.so/typedreamhq/Dashboard-Dumplink-Dream-Editor-a93d238e14aa4fef9256cf1ea136529c ðŸ“… 2023-05-23 âœ… 2023-05-23

Why does Oshi No Ko hits you so hard?
The section of the lyrics
*I lie again today, wishing for someday when these words become true.
Even so,
You two are the only ones I haven't said this to.
Ah- I finally said it, this is definitely not a lie.
I love you.*

I think this portrays the culture of "Fake it till you make it" thing. Where it seems like everything is a lie, every single decision/action that you make are lies built on top of lies.

However, you also wish/hope that by lying about the things that you have yet achieve, you will get closer to it, and maybe one day you will achieve it.


**About cancel culture:**
Akane made a mistake by accidentally scratched a fellow actress' face (the most important asset of an actress). The internet swarms her with destructive comments (go die, etc).

Being the innocent 16 yo actress, she apologized, and things got worse.

I remember very clearly that another member of the group who's a youtuber said, "people think that when they make a mistake, they should apologize"

"That is the worst strategy on the internet. People think that if you admit you've made a mistake, it's okay for me to cast a stone at you right?"

This hits so deep because I was watching another series "Ted Lasso", Keeley Jones was not willing to apologize in public because she believed she wasn't in the wrong. I think deep down, Keeley also understand how cruel the internet can be when you admit the mistake publicly and you have to be ready/prepared for it.

**About weakness, being the underdog**



