---
tags: daily
mood: <empty>
---

## ðŸ§¨ Tasks
```tasks
not done
(scheduled before 2023-11-30) OR (due before 2023-11-30)
```

## ðŸ“ˆ Stats 
*Things to celebrate on!*

### ðŸ† Tasks completed

|Month|Yesterday|Today|
|------|----------|------|
|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… ' + new Date(new Date('2023-11-30').setDate(1)).toISOString().slice(0, 7))).length`|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… ' + new Date(new Date('2023-11-30') - 86400000).toISOString().slice(0, 10))).length`|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… 2023-11-30')).length`|


## ðŸ¥³ Done Today!
```tasks
done 2023-11-30
```


## ðŸªµ Log
*What's on my mind today?*

Based on today's convo.

- OpenAI will never be able to generalize everything
	- Why? Just think about some of the use cases in this world:
		- Books, you can make smart book
		- Onboarding: how do you make generalize the onboarding experience for all types of apps?
		- infinitely many more.
- Then, there's only one possible cases for all software:
	- Every software will have their own embedded AI experience. Catered towards them.
		- The problem of this case?
			- It is quite difficult to integrate AI into apps. Think about implementing payment system before stripe exist. Same case here, think about integrating AI system before "something" exist. We can be "something".
		- Solution?
			- Stripe like solution where there's SDKs and the dashboard to manage AI activities
		- Should we do this?
			- It's hard, but potential unicorns in the space (maybe?), so maybe... no?
		- What might be easier?
- Since everyone will have their own AI experience. How can we integrate AI experience in our product (website builder)? There's only 2 path:
	- Refine the editing experience (editor), make it so that the builders can actually build websites easily.
		- Existing project: AI website builder
			- The Product Led Growth Flywheel:
				- Clients build websites on us, they really like the experience, then
				- They invite other users to try.
				- user becomes clients
	- Refine the viewing experience (renderer)
		- Create next generation (possibly AI-integrated) websites: Product Led Growth Flywheel:
			- Clients built next-gen websites on Typedream, share it with end users. (Typedream badge is on), then
			- End users see next-gen websites, thinks it's pretty cool, want to build it on their own. then,
			- They see Typedream badge from client's website, click on it, then,
			- End user become clients repeat (1)

Analogies:
1. Think about instagram reels, would you care if the editing experience is bad? what matters is that the reels shows up to the end users and end user actually sticks to the video until the end & share, then you can get monies. Maybe Typedream is like Instagram in this case, why make the experience of creating reels in the app better when you should be focusing on making sure that the end user arrives at the page & engaged in the page. Maybe we should put more emphasis on the websites created on Typedream instead of the experience of creating a website. Redefine what next-gen website look like.
2. 