---
tags: daily
mood: <empty>
---

## ðŸ§¨ Tasks
```tasks
not done
(scheduled before 2023-05-17) OR (due before 2023-05-17)
```

## ðŸ“ˆ Stats 
*Things to celebrate on!*

### ðŸ† Tasks completed
|Month|Yesterday|Today|
|------|----------|------|
|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… ' + new Date(new Date('2023-05-17').setDate(1)).toISOString().slice(0, 7))).length`|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… ' + new Date(new Date('2023-05-17') - 86400000).toISOString().slice(0, 10))).length`|`$= dv.pages().file.tasks.where(t => t.completed).where(t => t.text.includes('âœ… 2023-05-17')).length`|


## ðŸ¥³ Done Today!
```tasks
done 2023-05-17
```


## ðŸªµ Log
*What's on my mind today?*

Plan for the day:
- [x] Find example documentation on data structures ðŸ“… 2023-05-17 âœ… 2023-05-17
- [-] Kick start some documentation on existing Typedream data structure ðŸ“… 2023-05-17
- [x] Create a concrete plan on how to maintain these documentation ðŸ“… 2023-05-17 âœ… 2023-05-17
- [x] Progress on duplicate endpoint for sync container ðŸ“… 2023-05-17 âœ… 2023-05-17

#### Documentation
Re: Documentation, I think we should go API documentation route as it also covers the model [example](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/#tag/pet_model)
We might want to consider using Swagger, but autogenerated from the codebase.
https://goswagger.io/

For now, maybe we can start using the generated API docs for data model to help product team know what to query and how it relates to one another.

##### Maintaining docs
As long as the docs is generated from the codebase, it should be fairly simple to maintain, every code changes requires some docs changes for sure.
- Code changes entails doc changes.


Duplicate endpoint for sync containers:
- We might want to let the backend know about the structures of the JSON. Maybe not all of them, but maybe provide some utility tool to traverse the JSON tree.
	- Load the JSON efficiently into a tree structure?
	- What operations do we often run in the tree? we should optimize for this. Depending on this answer we can make a specific tree structure with specific information that can traverse the tree very quickly.
- 